start_workflow_async + enqueue_async (#327)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/python/reference/workflow_handles.md

You obtain a workflow handle when using `DBOS.start_workflow` to start a workflow in the background.
If you know a workflow's identity, you can also retrieve its handle using `DBOS.retrieve_workflow`.

## WorkflowHandle

### Methods

#### get_workflow_id

```python
handle.get_workflow_id() -> str
```

> Retrieve the identity of the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the ID of the workflow.
```

#### get_result

```python
handle.get_result() -> R
```

Wait for the workflow to complete, then return its result.

#### get_status

```python
handle.get_status() -> WorkflowStatus
```

Retrieve the [workflow's status](#workflowstatus), defined below.

## WorkflowHandleAsync

### Methods

#### get_workflow_id

```python
handle.get_workflow_id() -> str
```

> Retrieve the identity of the workflow. Behaves identically to the [WorkflowHandle](#workflowhandle) verison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the ID of the workflow. Behaves identically to the [WorkflowHandle](#workflowhandle) version.
```

#### get_result

```python
handle.get_result() -> Coroutine[Any, Any, R]
```

> Asncronously wait for the workflow to complete, then return its result. Similar to the [WorkflowHandle](#workflowhandle) verison, except asynchronous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asynchronously wait for the workflow to complete, then return its result. Similar to the [WorkflowHandle](#workflowhandle) version, except asynchronous.
```

#### get_status

```python
handle.get_status() -> Coroutine[Any, Any, WorkflowStatus]
```

> asynchronously retrieves the [workflow's status](#workflowstatus), defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asynchronously retrieves the [workflow's status](#workflowstatus), defined below.
```
